Add min width and max width prop to select input (#2685)
commercetools/ui-kit: .changeset/polite-colts-joke.md

---
'@commercetools-uikit/select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-utils': minor
---

> provide min and max width props to the select input component

Reviewer: We should enumerate the new props here and explain they control the `min` and `max` width of the select dropdown menu.

> provide min and max width props to the select input component. These props are a range of values from the set of horizontal constraints that control the min and max width of the select dropdown menu.

Reviewer: I'm sorry but I still think we should name the new props here.

What about something like this?
```suggestion
We're introducing two new props (`minMenuWidth` and `maxMenuWidth`) with allow to control the minimum and maximum widths of the select dropdown menu.
```
